Stevenk Campbell: Hello. Hello.
Hi.
Stevenk Campbell: There we go.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Can you see me. Can you turn on your video. Oh.
Wait.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, I could, I could see you. It's
Stevenk Campbell: Video and you can't see.
Jocelyn Corrales: No worries. How's your day.
Stevenk Campbell: So okay, so
Jocelyn Corrales: You
Stevenk Campbell: Know,
Stevenk Campbell: I'm actually me I know we're good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh. You're on your way to work or are you just came back from
Stevenk Campbell: Mark I'm
Stevenk Campbell: Not just came back.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great.
Stevenk Campbell: But I still have a sudden
Stevenk Campbell: I gotta get done so.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you still have your gloves in your mask.
Jocelyn Corrales: Everything. Yeah, I know.
Stevenk Campbell: We're at the at the spot that on that, you know, I mean, I'm you know about oh my
Stevenk Campbell: They can't they can't have, like, you know, I mean,
Stevenk Campbell: They can catch any of this stuff over here, why not
Stevenk Campbell: It's better to be saying, Oh yeah, to be safe, real quick and then I just gotta do I have to do real quick and then and then get out so
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Stevenk Campbell: All right. Um, so what's this meeting right here.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm going to, I'll just make you for a short while, maybe 30 minutes that OK with you. Let's finish this up 30 minutes
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah yeah
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Good you state me your name please in your deep breath.
Stevenk Campbell: Stephen Campbell 10 577
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great. So I'm going to identify what's working out for you and what's not working out very well. So what we're doing today is the
Jocelyn Corrales: Wellness relapse relapse action plan or what they called the heartland or health emotions activities relationships and transformation plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: So this is a plan to improve the quality of your life. It is a work in progress that needs to be reviewed and updated regularly. So the planet. We're going to make here the plan that you're going to make here is
Jocelyn Corrales: Can be change as we know we do assessment or as we meet the gifts or we're going to meet again after 3030 days, and I'm going to check on you if you're doing well or if you're doing well with your plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: So let's start.
Stevenk Campbell: This through this is through bright heart right
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, yes, this is through bright hotel.
Stevenk Campbell: That's
Stevenk Campbell: OK.
Jocelyn Corrales: OK, so first is
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to your basic needs are your daily activities like getting out of bed.
Jocelyn Corrales: Waking up doing shower washing and brushing your teeth eating.
Jocelyn Corrales: On time sleeping being active like exercise and managing with and mentioned being able to do that.
Stevenk Campbell: All of that I do all that every
Stevenk Campbell: Day.
Jocelyn Corrales: Pretty much. Okay, that's
Stevenk Campbell: kind of forgot a couple. But yeah, I do all of that every day.
Stevenk Campbell: Okay, you have to see. Yeah, that's a person who are personal hygiene.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, to do that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like you're able to do
Jocelyn Corrales: Personal hygiene.
Jocelyn Corrales: Regularly
Stevenk Campbell: Regularly I do that regularly.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you able to
Jocelyn Corrales: Type
Jocelyn Corrales: It is
Jocelyn Corrales: So good.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah I eat.
Stevenk Campbell: Lunch. Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: Actually, I gotta eat a little bit more now because I'm trying to gain like some weight so
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Stevenk Campbell: You know, it's about a good, healthy, but I use the market vegetables than anything.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's good.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, so
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay so much you can do.
Jocelyn Corrales: You do you do exercise also
Stevenk Campbell: A lot of walking
Stevenk Campbell: With them lift heavy weights and stuff.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what is the nature of your work.
Stevenk Campbell: I cook. I my sous chef.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're very moved and you're moving actively at work.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, you're definitely
Jocelyn Corrales: As a sushi chef.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or as a chef.
Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: I thought you said that sounds like this I Susi
Jocelyn Corrales: You did you cook any particular stuff that you cook.
Stevenk Campbell: I like, I like to walk cook a lot
Jocelyn Corrales: I mean, awkward.
Stevenk Campbell: So like, yeah, walk, walk, walk like my stir fry.
Stevenk Campbell: Oh I stir fried chicken stir fry Rice's day
Jocelyn Corrales: At
Stevenk Campbell: Work.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you able to sleep on time. Do you sleep early
Stevenk Campbell: Oh, on the sleeping. I have to take my sleeping meds, though. Yeah, nicely.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, that's from Dr. A bra.
Stevenk Campbell: Uh huh. Yeah. So tell me what my sleep because I really don't see that much, you know i mean i if i if i
Stevenk Campbell: Don't sleep, you know, it's just because I you know I stay active a little bit too much.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: I know. Yeah. And you have to wake up early again in the morning to work, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and we don't much sleep. It would be very difficult than
Jocelyn Corrales: Work. Okay, I guess.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's only the
Jocelyn Corrales: Only main problem not able to sleep well. But because of the medications that that were given to you, you're able to manage it well.
Jocelyn Corrales: Right, okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you do basic chores at home.
Stevenk Campbell: What do you mean by that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you do chores like cleaning
Stevenk Campbell: Oh, basic chores.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. So what I'm actually doing right now.
Stevenk Campbell: Like right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Like also your laundry and everything else.
Stevenk Campbell: Cleaning, cleaning up
Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, do you do your laundry also are
Stevenk Campbell: All right, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Happy
Stevenk Campbell: Oh. Yeah, most definitely.
Jocelyn Corrales: And cooking at home so regards to your mental. Yeah. You mentioned your
Emails to cook at home.
Jocelyn Corrales: And at work.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, okay. So with regards to mental health.
Jocelyn Corrales: Like positive thinking exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yo, you know, managing your
Jocelyn Corrales: Logo managing your mental, you know, mental stress or managing your
Stevenk Campbell: Good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so we the goes to your mental
Jocelyn Corrales: Health. Yes, I'm still here.
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you hear me.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: All right.
Stevenk Campbell: Okay, or you can hear me.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Yes, I can hear you.
Stevenk Campbell: So what
Stevenk Campbell: Was that last piece. I didn't hear. None of that you paused up
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay so regards to mental health, such as
Jocelyn Corrales: Mindfulness or positive thinking or emotions or mood regulation or improving your stress or stress management, are you, are you able what's working out for you. Is it working well.
Stevenk Campbell: Need a I need a died. I need, I need, I need bags.
Stevenk Campbell: Can carry on stuff like that.
Stevenk Campbell: I thought you're on your way down.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: Oh, I thought you're going down.
Stevenk Campbell: On my stress.
Jocelyn Corrales: How do you manage your stress.
Stevenk Campbell: I usually just write poetry.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's good.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, write some poetry, write it down.
Stevenk Campbell: And write it down and kind of speak it out.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, do you also do art.
Stevenk Campbell: Art
Jocelyn Corrales: Like during
Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, graffiti art, you know, I like the
Stevenk Campbell: Lettering
Stevenk Campbell: Or use the lettering the tag lettering.
Stevenk Campbell: It kind of works.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good. So you manage
Jocelyn Corrales: Your stress.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you have some depression, the time
Jocelyn Corrales: Not really.
Stevenk Campbell: No, not really.
Stevenk Campbell: Not really.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you think you're
Jocelyn Corrales: being read by
Jocelyn Corrales: Heart Health or your therapy.
Jocelyn Corrales: For you.
Stevenk Campbell: To me being a bright heart health is
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, being
Stevenk Campbell: Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is it working well for you. Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: Oh yeah, it helps tremendously.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, it's been helping tremendously.
You know,
Stevenk Campbell: So it's working out pretty well.
Stevenk Campbell: So far,
Stevenk Campbell: But you never know things do change, sometimes you just gotta change.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: You have to, you know, adapt to the changes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: You have to
Stevenk Campbell: adapt to the changes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your medication helps also
Stevenk Campbell: It helps tremendously.
Stevenk Campbell: I don't think I'm like right now. I don't think I'm on the right dose.
Stevenk Campbell: You know, because they kind of they kind of try to push you through the program pretty quick. A heavyset, how I feel.
Stevenk Campbell: You know cuz I'm you know i mean i'm
Stevenk Campbell: I was at a high dose when I started. I'm
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm out and right. No, you're right now you're on a low dose.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah.
That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's working out well for you.
Stevenk Campbell: Oh, not really. That's what I'm saying it. It's like I'm
Stevenk Campbell: Ready to quit. Yeah, we can inform
Jocelyn Corrales: You can inform Dr brielle about it when you
Jocelyn Corrales: During your it took me. It took me a couple weeks to kind of
Stevenk Campbell: Kind of like figure that out. You know what I mean. What is, what is the issue here.
Jocelyn Corrales: You could always talk about Dr. A real about your issues with medications if you think
Stevenk Campbell: I will
Stevenk Campbell: Turn it just took a couple of minutes to figure it out.
Stevenk Campbell: What, what was the issue or what
Stevenk Campbell: Happening like environment, having your. Can I sleep, you know, basically. So
Stevenk Campbell: I haven't been really sleeping, but I have
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh.
Stevenk Campbell: And then eating, you know, you have certain times you eat, and then
Stevenk Campbell: Yes. So in terms of trends.
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh. Yes. So good. Would you consider yourself as spiritual like Are you religious or spiritual in any way.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, of course. Of course. I believe in something
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you a Christian or something like that.
Stevenk Campbell: About this
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, you're a question.
Stevenk Campbell: No, it's about this. It's would it be
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah Baptist.
Stevenk Campbell: Christian again.
Jocelyn Corrales: Isn't Baptist undercut charity.
Stevenk Campbell: Thunder, but it's not saying, you know, I mean, it's still in its own category.
Stevenk Campbell: You got to be open minded little
Stevenk Campbell: Something Jim things are similar.
Stevenk Campbell: But they're not the same.
Stevenk Campbell: You know, they can be
Stevenk Campbell: Similar but they will not be the same thing.
But
Jocelyn Corrales: But do you believe in Jesus Christ.
Stevenk Campbell: Or yeah, I believe in Allah
Stevenk Campbell: anything's possible basically
Stevenk Campbell: Anything is possible if we're sending her talking to each other and understanding each other then
Conversation.
Stevenk Campbell: You know, meaningless things
Stevenk Campbell: You know, that means there's that can happen. There's things that can happen, I believe.
Stevenk Campbell: Things in this world.
Stevenk Campbell: Never know how much stuff you got until you gotta move it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. And do you go to church regularly.
Stevenk Campbell: No, no, no, that I don't do no more, but I do
Stevenk Campbell: I just do my good book.
Stevenk Campbell: Good, but
Stevenk Campbell: You know, read the good book.
Jocelyn Corrales: Like what the Bible or
Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: See y'all call it a Bible. I call it a good book.
Stevenk Campbell: Because
Stevenk Campbell: You know some things I believe in or something.
I don't. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so
Jocelyn Corrales: You don't go to church right but but you work on weekends also
Stevenk Campbell: Know,
Jocelyn Corrales: So you don't work on me.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you still there, you're unmuted. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Stephen, are you still there.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hello.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hello. Okay. Are you still here.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Stevenk Campbell: I have to get you back to my screen.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're on mute.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, you're back.
Over
Jocelyn Corrales: There you go. So you right yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, so you're off Judy during weekends. Are you able to wake up early during weekends also
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, yeah. Margaret yeah I wake up like, not only
Stevenk Campbell: Like there's no sleeping and it's like really
Stevenk Campbell: Especially like right now there's no there's no sleep ends. You know, I can't sleep.
Stevenk Campbell: I gotta
Jocelyn Corrales: I gotta do.
Stevenk Campbell: You're going to try moving around now. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Going
Stevenk Campbell: Moving spot where I'm at.
Stevenk Campbell: I mean, right now, where are you
Stevenk Campbell: Where are you
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you going are you going somewhere.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, yeah, I gotta go to go to my house.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, so you're somewhere.
Stevenk Campbell: Else, uh, my mom's
Jocelyn Corrales: Know your hotel you're packing your things
Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, cuz I need this, I need these things right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, stand up if
Stevenk Campbell: You
Stevenk Campbell: Understand
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I was actually wondering where you're packing things anyway. So you're packing things so that he could bring it home.
Jocelyn Corrales: No, no.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, so we bigger social relationship.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you close to your family, your parents, siblings,
Stevenk Campbell: Oh, yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah works out.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you have a good relationship to them.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: Yes, I do.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just have your friends.
Stevenk Campbell: Are a group of friends.
Jocelyn Corrales: And. Are they supportive of your treatment.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, oh yeah, definitely.
Stevenk Campbell: Definitely
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you have other support groups or do you have support groups.
Stevenk Campbell: I'm not like that support groups but yeah self support groups. Yes, I do.
Stevenk Campbell: My stuff.
Stevenk Campbell: On self.
Stevenk Campbell: Help groups.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you
Stevenk Campbell: Are not like A's or anything. God, they're not as but we have
Stevenk Campbell: You know, we have group session and stuff and get all the
Stevenk Campbell: Stuff out. Besides, you know, besides like the therapies and stuff.
Jocelyn Corrales: So it is a different support groups.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, right.
Stevenk Campbell: Know it's not even an organization, we've, you know,
Stevenk Campbell: We came together and made it ourselves.
Stevenk Campbell: So you got to be creative.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And with regards to financial
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you able to a think I remember you mentioned you are working
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah. But no, I mean, it's still like not enough right now. I'm waiting on my own and playing for my other job.
Stevenk Campbell: My other job shut down so
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: But
Jocelyn Corrales: You're able
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, but you're able to provide your basic needs.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, for right now. Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: You know, like everybody else, just trying to maintain
Stevenk Campbell: Are you able to pay your bills.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you do your budgeting.
Stevenk Campbell: They are this month.
Stevenk Campbell: But we'll see for next month.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you do but yes yes I'm but I'm able to do all that. Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: Somehow, someway, they always do.
Stevenk Campbell: That yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so what's not really working out for you right now is that some of your employers are closing out because of the pandemic. Right.
Stevenk Campbell: Or yeah it's epidemic.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: Nobody's really happy about that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah I know, right. I know.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's really crazy up they I can feel you
Stevenk Campbell: Know there's nothing really you can do about it, you know.
Stevenk Campbell: Just roll with it. Sorry. The test. Are you on
Stevenk Campbell: That I do not
Stevenk Campbell: Like this, I
Stevenk Campbell: Choose to do something different with my life, like, you know,
Stevenk Campbell: I'm gonna go down the list. Do it. You know, if it all work don't work. But let me start trying
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh yes he did
Stevenk Campbell: And you pray always
Stevenk Campbell: Huh, yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, I need to put I need to put this in like in this folder, real quick, cuz I gotta walk these downstairs.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, no worries.
Stevenk Campbell: Just yeah
Stevenk Campbell: But yeah, so
Jocelyn Corrales: You pray, you pray, you pray every day.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah. And almost every meal.
Stevenk Campbell: Down like almost every meal.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you think
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you think brain is very helpful.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, in years. It is it is to a certain extent, though.
Stevenk Campbell: Mean, not every day but
Stevenk Campbell: That would just be too much.
Stevenk Campbell: So you just gotta roll with the punches.
Stevenk Campbell: And yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, it's okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's also nice when you have so many problems, you know, you have so many insight. These that, you know, go to
Jocelyn Corrales: Go to God and pray.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know,
Jocelyn Corrales: It really helps.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think it does help.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, it does. It does. I think it does.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you don't do exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just as you mentioned,
Jocelyn Corrales: You're doing good.
Jocelyn Corrales: You do exercise.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah I walk a lot
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah I walk a lot. I do.
Stevenk Campbell: I do my
Stevenk Campbell: My weightlifting
Stevenk Campbell: Okay, that would be exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, I'm gonna include the walking
Jocelyn Corrales: Dead right that
Jocelyn Corrales: But weightlifting has is here.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah yeah
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, they are.
Jocelyn Corrales: I do you do that every day.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, every single day that that has to happen every day.
Jocelyn Corrales: So what
Jocelyn Corrales: So I think what's not working well.
Stevenk Campbell: For us.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is your see
Jocelyn Corrales: The problems.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, that's it.
Stevenk Campbell: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you consider, you know, are you try, you know, have you considered going to church.
Jocelyn Corrales: Later on, going to church or going back to church.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hello.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hi Steven are you still there.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think I lost you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hello.
Jocelyn Corrales: I cannot hear
Stevenk Campbell: You are
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, last year.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is okay
Stevenk Campbell: That was a it was a Wi Fi thing.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, okay. Uh,
Stevenk Campbell: You were saying something about church.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Have you considered going back to church.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, if it's if it's like, you know, like I was saying knows
Stevenk Campbell: If it's if it's like I have somebody preaching or something. If there's like an event, you know, then
Stevenk Campbell: I wouldn't mind going to that. Yeah, I will go out, but
Stevenk Campbell: Not like on a regular basis, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: But because
Stevenk Campbell: You always have your weddings and stopping on people with weddings and stuff so
Jocelyn Corrales: But
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you can also do
Jocelyn Corrales: Like for example, if you're not able to attend church should also attend online. I think they do online sermons or online worship.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, like now they do. Oh yeah, good.
Stevenk Campbell: So instead,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, especially now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Especially nice difficult to go to church because of the, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: The pandemic, but
Jocelyn Corrales: To start maybe if it's not very hard for you. I think it's easier to attend online.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, it is actually right now at this time. It's really easy to actually attend some type of service online.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because they they have on pre recorded. You know what I mean.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Stevenk Campbell: Yes. Oh, that's how they probably that's I think that's how they actually stay above
Stevenk Campbell: You know what I mean about the need for to do the
Jocelyn Corrales: Online here. Yes.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, sure. Gospel. Yes, go to share the gospel.
Jocelyn Corrales: So maybe you could try attending online service for us, then once you're able to you know what's up. And that makes over and once you think you have the time to go to church. Maybe you could attend to the church physically
Stevenk Campbell: There for half the time.
Stevenk Campbell: You know, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: You could try, but you could try online online worship service.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, I could try to, you know, check it out.
Stevenk Campbell: It's kind of hard to find a good though.
Stevenk Campbell: A good passion want to actually sit there and listen to, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah I know, right. So it's about there. Yeah, at least for a start, it's better to listen to an online service, you know,
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so
Stevenk Campbell: Talk through on
Stevenk Campbell: That one.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I know.
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually, it's also very difficult to find a church.
Jocelyn Corrales: That
Jocelyn Corrales: You know goes with your own beliefs and, you know, which you think you are comfortable also to attend to. So, are you married or do you have a family.
Stevenk Campbell: Um, well, I have, I have a son, you know, I mean, in a baby. It was she is my wife, you know I'm saying, but no, it's just not. We don't have it legal, like that anyway.
Jocelyn Corrales: But, but you live together.
Stevenk Campbell: I'm not not she lives on it. She lives with the little guy she has
Stevenk Campbell: That little guy for right now. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're still together.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, it was, you know, we come together for the baby and stuff. And we're still together solid, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: So it's like a girlfriend.
Jocelyn Corrales: Company.
Stevenk Campbell: It's a, it's my it's my baby mama that's
Stevenk Campbell: That's my everything
Stevenk Campbell: You know she's Earth.
Stevenk Campbell: Without her. I wouldn't have him.
Stevenk Campbell: So yeah, she's at number one like
Stevenk Campbell: This far from a friend now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Although you just don't see each other because she's far away, but you
Stevenk Campbell: Know, no, she's here.
Stevenk Campbell: She's here. That's why I'm here.
Stevenk Campbell: And I okay yeah she's here.
Stevenk Campbell: Oh, I see. I see her rapidly and see my son rapidly.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you have a good, you have a good relationship with her.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, yeah. Fantastic. Excellent.
Stevenk Campbell: What else
Jocelyn Corrales: Is your son.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is your son. What he suicide.
Jocelyn Corrales: 13 in. Do you have a good relationship with your son.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. He was actually Whitney for seven, seven years. You know, before she came back. She left when she was when he was a baby she wasn't ready at the time.
Stevenk Campbell: So, seven years later, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: And that's great. It's working out well for you and
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, definitely. Definitely. You know, it's always good to have the other parent, you know, that was one thing I had this dress because I don't have both of my
Stevenk Campbell: You know, I know that.
Jocelyn Corrales: So what what this
Jocelyn Corrales: What triggers your stress or what triggers your moods.
Stevenk Campbell: And emotions, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Like a bad mood but triggers it
Stevenk Campbell: Like everything else in the frog, you know, arguments.
Stevenk Campbell: Disagreements when you can't see eye to eye that's really difficult. You know, somebody else to see your point of view, and they're trying
Stevenk Campbell: To see their point of view.
Stevenk Campbell: It's
Stevenk Campbell: Really difficult, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh. And what do you usually do when you encounter.
Jocelyn Corrales: Those type of people you know they disagree.
Stevenk Campbell: So I'll try to work with them.
Stevenk Campbell: So you can do
Stevenk Campbell: Is just try to work with them and and I, you know, to be open minded.
Stevenk Campbell: Be open very be very open minded, you know, new thoughts and new ways to see things
Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great. So you did that by working out with them. It's like, it's like compromising with each other and being open minded. That's good.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah. Yeah, definitely.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you mentioned
Jocelyn Corrales: Also, if you have other stress you
Jocelyn Corrales: You
Jocelyn Corrales: Do write poetry stretch
Jocelyn Corrales: Yourself.
Stevenk Campbell: Oh yeah, to express it yeah right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. So with regards to social relationships like with your baby mama or maybe your mother or other family members.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you still are you still connected with your family, your mother, your father or your
Stevenk Campbell: I'm all I'm over here right now. Yeah, that's
Stevenk Campbell: Saying I'm at my parents house.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, my brothers at work.
Here.
Jocelyn Corrales: In Dallas your son also lives there in that house now.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, with with in my other one. Yeah. And the other one.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, no, I mean, often on when it's not what as long
As what is Daddy.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so what doesn't seem to
Stevenk Campbell: Which
Jocelyn Corrales: Which I think this not work out for you. With regards to relationships are you think everything works out.
Stevenk Campbell: Everything everything's working out well.
Stevenk Campbell: As towards relationship. So I'm fine in that department.
Stevenk Campbell: Perfectly fine you know i know everything's working out well.
Stevenk Campbell: No.
Stevenk Campbell: stay active. Yes.
Stevenk Campbell: ear to the street, you know, that's where all your friends are at
Jocelyn Corrales: One.
Jocelyn Corrales: Time.
Jocelyn Corrales: Right, yeah. What time do you usually wake up.
Stevenk Campbell: Like 777 30
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh. But
Stevenk Campbell: Like on my opening days on my opening days I'm like at 430 in the morning.
Uh huh.
Jocelyn Corrales: 430 in the morning and even during on weekends, you wake up around seven o'clock.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah you and during weekends. That's when you get your breakfast.
Stevenk Campbell: Beautiful goodness
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's good. So you eat regularly. Are you able to eat on time.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, like you're able to eat your breakfast on time your lunch on time and you're doing
Stevenk Campbell: On time. Yeah.
Yep.
Stevenk Campbell: Yep, it works out pretty well.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good, and you are trying to gain a little bit more weight.
Stevenk Campbell: A little bit more with
Jocelyn Corrales: A you know because you're working out.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: When you're lifting, you have to
Jocelyn Corrales: Eat a lot of good
Jocelyn Corrales: Stuff. Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: He's a lot of that stuff.
Jocelyn Corrales: continue on with your, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Exercising like walking every day.
Stevenk Campbell: And yeah, I do.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you have you tried going out on nature trip or nature walk
Stevenk Campbell: Nature nature. What yes oh yeah, I love the outdoors.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you able to do that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Regularly
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah. Whenever I get a chance, you know, whenever he has a free time.
Stevenk Campbell: Yes, it's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: It is it far away from my area is just nearby.
Stevenk Campbell: Know it's nearby.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, maybe instead of walking. You can do nature walk every day I you know your basic daily exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or daily walking
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, that's what I do is
Stevenk Campbell: That nature.
Stevenk Campbell: I do i do that i do that a lot already.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, not a good singer outdoors.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what time do you usually go to bed.
Stevenk Campbell: It depends, you know, kind of day it is. But mostly it's about 10 o'clock, nine o'clock.
Jocelyn Corrales: Nine or 10 o'clock.
Jocelyn Corrales: And we don't
Jocelyn Corrales: You're not able to sleep.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, right now, without like an occasion. It's hard to see.
Stevenk Campbell: That turns it into turns it into, like, two o'clock in the morning, three o'clock in the morning.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, even we'd medications.
Stevenk Campbell: No, no, without the medication.
Okay.
Stevenk Campbell: That is, is pretty good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're able to have a good sleep because of the
Jocelyn Corrales: Medications, but
Jocelyn Corrales: You're able to wake up.
Jocelyn Corrales: still active.
Jocelyn Corrales: Early in the morning.
Right.
Stevenk Campbell: So I do
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great.
Stevenk Campbell: I need to take this all of this.
Stevenk Campbell: All the way through it.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, I've got so much stuff to go through
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, no worries about that. So I'm not sure what would be your plan because you do not mention
Jocelyn Corrales: Because the only thing that you the
Jocelyn Corrales: Only problem that you mentioned right now is
Jocelyn Corrales: sleep problems and you're doing something about it or and your doctors already doing something about it makes you ready taking medications and
Jocelyn Corrales: Do your exercises.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And maybe there's only one thing the spiritual
Jocelyn Corrales: Getting in touch with yourself and going
Jocelyn Corrales: Trying to go back to church. Maybe I'll just suggest you instead of going there physically. You know, I think you're not yet ready to go back, because as you mentioned, it's
Jocelyn Corrales: Very difficult to find a good pastor that you know you think that works out well for you at the same time. Maybe it's good to start with doing online.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, online.
Stevenk Campbell: And could see right now. You have no choice but to do that online.
Jocelyn Corrales: So,
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you able to do social gathering or you feel anxious
Jocelyn Corrales: When you write about.
Stevenk Campbell: People. Oh no, I can do it, but
Stevenk Campbell: Right now it's just, yeah. Right. No.
Stevenk Campbell: No, not that. It's not the business.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Stevenk Campbell: What you're not supposed to do right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: So I'll put the the plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: Attending online service.
Jocelyn Corrales: Nerys another one. Oh, we mentioned about having problems with your employer's working out. So are you applying to other new jobs for at this moment.
Stevenk Campbell: For this moment. Yeah, I'm done trying to see if there's something else out there.
Stevenk Campbell: Might be
Stevenk Campbell: You know they're they're just might be never know.
Stevenk Campbell: Different fields and stuff where you probably by
Stevenk Campbell: Yourself internet saying it, but you're by yourself. So
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I know. So I'm going to update you so most
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe our plan, you'll go around because everything else works out for you, even your relationship is he
Jocelyn Corrales: Is working out for you.
Maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: I'll just ask you again about that next time we see each other. Maybe 30 days after
Jocelyn Corrales: And the plan. I have written here is attending online service.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're trying to apply.
Jocelyn Corrales: For a new work.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or other jobs so
Jocelyn Corrales: If you, if you're able to apply to a new word. So let me share my screen so that you'll be able to see my screen for a while I'll share my screen so that you can see it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, see,
Stevenk Campbell: My
Jocelyn Corrales: Screen. Okay, so that's great. So I put in everything that you mentioned was working out for you. What's not working out for you and the plan. I'm going to edit this later on.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because it's still a mix.
Jocelyn Corrales: And usually takes time to
Stevenk Campbell: Sit down.
Jocelyn Corrales: To edit it, so
Jocelyn Corrales: Copy. I'll send you a copy of this, but I see a sec here the plans I have written here because you're
Jocelyn Corrales: Still going to include in your ad else continue on.
Jocelyn Corrales: Continue with exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: Right walking
Jocelyn Corrales: Exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: And weightlifting
Stevenk Campbell: weightlifting
Jocelyn Corrales: And plan on attending online worship service.
Jocelyn Corrales: And financially try. We did you guys to financial try trying to apply or apply new work.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: So I'm just really jobs.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. You work or jobs.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, it's very difficult. Right now I know how you
Stevenk Campbell: Go. All right. Yeah, let me know before I go.
I'll share you
Stevenk Campbell: Know my program thing.
Stevenk Campbell: So I got all this done while I was on that. Oh, I'm sorry. No.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm saving and saving this. I'm just going to edit it later. Let me see if you're able to sign this let me check if you're able scientists
Jocelyn Corrales: Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't work. But let's see.
Jocelyn Corrales: If this out well.
Jocelyn Corrales: And let's share this one. Can you swim. Can you see the
Jocelyn Corrales: Sign below.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I'm going to
Jocelyn Corrales: Give you the mouse. Are you able to sign it. Can you try
Stevenk Campbell: Let's see.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Stevenk Campbell: Oh wait, no.
Stevenk Campbell: No.
Jocelyn Corrales: No.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you know, it does work for some especially if you're in a computer, but it doesn't
Jocelyn Corrales: It doesn't
Jocelyn Corrales: Work for us. Let's try it. Okay. Let's try again. Okay. Can you try signing again if it works for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: If it's not, it's OK.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'll send you a copy what after I have edited everything
Stevenk Campbell: Okay.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, just send me a copy because this thing's no
Jocelyn Corrales: No, it's okay your copy is for your basis so that every time I revisit you
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, and the plan that just the plan. There is also like a reminder, so it's okay if you're not able to sign it. It's okay. No worries about that. And it was great seeing you.
Stevenk Campbell: Yes, sir. Nice. Yeah. I'll see you next on the next 30 days of scheduling, or I'll revisit you it would be a shorter
Jocelyn Corrales: Shorter than this shorter meeting them this, and I hope you're doing well and you're able to get a new job or get a few more jobs from what you have right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Joe. And I'm free.
Stevenk Campbell: I'm free. Appreciate that.
Jocelyn Corrales: I bring that up.
Stevenk Campbell: You gotta keep prayed up
Jocelyn Corrales: To you.
Jocelyn Corrales: And continue praying. I was OK.
Stevenk Campbell: OK.
Jocelyn Corrales: OK, my direct number just okay
Jocelyn Corrales: Just in case you need something or you need a friend, you can always message me the one that I sent you.
Jocelyn Corrales: My personal number
Stevenk Campbell: Just in case you need help, or
Jocelyn Corrales: You want
Jocelyn Corrales: someone to talk to. You can always message me
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, thank you, Steve. It was
Great.
Stevenk Campbell: We'll talk to you later.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, bye.